Update README.md - Build the Code section (#899)
microsoft/terminal: README.md

git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> OpenConsole.sln may be built from within Visual Studio or from the command-line using MSBuild. To build from the command line (`cmd.exe` should be used):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenConsole.sln may be built from within Visual Studio or from the command-line using MSBuild. To build from the command line, find your shell below.

### PowerShell

```powershell
Import-Module .\tools\OpenConsole.psm1
Set-MsBuildDevEnvironment
Invoke-OpenConsoleBuild
\`\`\`

### CMD
```

Minor problem. I wanted to fix all the markdown in the editor, but I can't.

This:

```
\`\`\`
```

should definitely just be ` ``` `... but there's limits to GitHub's expressiveness ;)

Reviewer: I figured we should just go ahead and make this comprehensive so as to reduce overall changes to this file :)

Author: Done :)

OpenConsole.sln may be built from within Visual Studio or from the command-line using MSBuild. To build from the command line:

```shell
cd tools
razzle.cmd

> bcz.cmd

Reviewer 2: there's also `bz.cmd` which seems to do an incremental build, whereas `bcz.cmd` starts with a clean slate. We should also mention that the AppX bundle isn't built unless you specify a Release build with `bcz.cmd rel` or 'bz.cmd rel`.

Author: Changed in accordance to @zadjii-msft comment.
